## Viktor Kunčak

Viktor Kunčak ([personal home page at EPFL](http://lara.epfl.ch/~kuncak/), [directory page at EPFL](https://people.epfl.ch/viktor.kuncak), [DBLP publication list](https://dblp.org/pid/k/ViktorKuncak.html)) is a faculty member in the School of Computer and Communication Sciences where he directs the LARA group that contributes software for automated reasoning (see [LARA group's github organization](https://github.com/epfl-lara/)).

He joined EPFL in 2007, after
receiving a PhD degree from MIT. Since then has been leading
the Laboratory for Automated Reasoning and Analysis and
supervised 14 completed PhD theses. His works on languages,
algorithms and systems for verification and automated
reasoning. He served as an initiator and one of the
coordinators of a European network (COST action) in the area
of automated reasoning, verification, and synthesis. In 2012
he received a 5-year single-investigator European Research
Council (ERC) grant of 1.5M EUR. His invited talks include
those at Lambda Days, Scala Days, NFM, LOPSTR, SYNT, ICALP,
CSL, RV, VMCAI, and SMT. A paper on test generation he
co-authored received an ACM SIGSOFT distinguished paper
award at ICSE. A PLDI paper he co-authored was published in
the Communications of the ACM as a Research Highlight
article.  His Google Scholar profile reports an
over-approximate H-index of 40.  He was an associate editor
of ACM Transactions on Programming Languages and Systems
(TOPLAS) and served as a co-chair of conferences on Computer
Aided Verification (CAV), Formal Methods in Computer Aided
Design (FMCAD), Workshop on Synthesis (SYNT), and
Conference on Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation
(VMCAI).  At EPFL he teaches courses on functional and
parallel programming, compilers, and verification. He has
co-taught the MOOC "Parallel Programming" that was visited
by over 100'000 learners and completed by thousands of
students from all over the world.

A [longer CV of Viktor Kuncak](http://lara.epfl.ch/~kuncak/cv.pdf) is available from his web page.
